update README (#3)
tiagoalvesdulce/dcrtimestamptweet: README.md

# Dcrtimestamptweet

> Twitter bot to timestamp a thread when @dcrtimestamptweet is mentioned. This bot uses IPFS as a decentralized database to store the tweet thread. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Twitter bot to timestamp a thread when a chosen keyword is mentioned. This bot uses IPFS as a decentralized database to store the tweet thread json and uses [dcrtime](https://github.com/decred/dcrtime) for timestamping.
```

## Installation

> 1. Make a twitter development app and generate tokens: https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/basics/authentication/guides/access-tokens.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a twitter account and [apply for access](https://developer.twitter.com/en/apply-for-access.html)
2. [Generate twitter access tokens](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/basics/authentication/guides/access-tokens.html)
```

> 1. Make a twitter development app and generate tokens: https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/basics/authentication/guides/access-tokens.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make a twitter development app and generate valid credentials: https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/basics/authentication/guides/access-tokens.html
```

Reviewer 2: See my suggestion above.

2. Make a .env File
    ```
    $ touch .env
    ```

> 3. Add the generated tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add the generated credentials in the `.env` file
```

    ```
    TWITTER_CONSUMER_KEY=<GENERATED_API_KEY>
    TWITTER_CONSUMER_SECRET=<GENERATED_API_KEY_SECRET>
    TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN=<GENERATED_ACCESS_TOKEN>
    TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET=<GENERATED_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET>
    TRACKED_WORD="@dcrtimestamptweet" // mention which will call the bot
    ```

> 4. Install IPFS

Reviewer: I just figured out that Is not required to install ipfs in your machine, neither run the IPFS daemon, it is good to have because you have the http gateway to test the changes you've made. So what do you think if we remove it from the installing steps and add in another section?

>     4.1 IPFS Install instructions: https://docs.ipfs.io/introduction/install/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the [IPFS Installation instructions](https://docs.ipfs.io/introduction/install/) 
```

5. Run IPFS Daemon 
    ```
    ipfs daemon
    ```

6. Run yarn command
    ```
    $ yarn
    ```

7. Start app
    ```
    yarn start
    ```

> Now when TRACKED_WORD is mentioned on some tweet the bot will save the thread at the ipfs and timestamp it and will tweet the hashes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, when the TRACKED_WORD is mentioned on Twitter, the bot will save the thread to IPFS, timestamp it and reply the tweet with the SHA256 hash anchored to [dcrtime](https://github.com/decred/dcrtime) and the IPFS hash.
```

> Now when TRACKED_WORD is mentioned on some tweet the bot will save the thread at the ipfs and timestamp it and will tweet the hashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now when  "TRACKED_WORD" is mentioned on some tweet the bot will save the thread with IPFS and timestamp it. The result will be replied to the tweet which requested the timestamp.
```

> IPFS JSON generated

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Example of stringified thread that will be timestamped and saved to IPFS
```

> IPFS JSON generated

Reviewer: I don't think this example is necessary here.

Reviewer 2: IMO we can keep the example so people have a clue of what properties from twitter we are timestamping.

```
[{"user":{"id_str":"892766033714179434","name":"decred bot","screen_name":"decred_bot"},"id_str":"1116353485199556609","created_at":"Thu Apr 11 14:53:06 +0000 2019","text":"this is an awesome test! @dcrtimestamptweet","repliedid":null}]
```

> Which is the file will be timestamped at dcrtime

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

# Dcrtimestamptweet

Twitter bot to timestamp a thread when a chosen keyword is mentioned. This bot uses IPFS as a decentralized database to store the tweet thread json and uses [dcrtime](https://github.com/decred/dcrtime) for timestamping.

## Installation

1. Create a twitter account and [apply for access](https://developer.twitter.com/en/apply-for-access.html)

2. [Generate twitter access tokens](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/basics/authentication/guides/access-tokens.html)

3. Make a .env File
    ```
    $ touch .env
    ```

4. Add the generated credentials in the `.env` file
    ```
    TWITTER_CONSUMER_KEY=<GENERATED_API_KEY>
    TWITTER_CONSUMER_SECRET=<GENERATED_API_KEY_SECRET>
    TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN=<GENERATED_ACCESS_TOKEN>
    TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET=<GENERATED_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET>
    TRACKED_WORD="@dcrtimestamptweet" // mention which will call the bot
    ```

5. Run yarn command
    ```
    $ yarn
    ```

6. Start app
    ```

>     yarn start

Reviewer 2: You should add the `$` before the command here or remove it from other commands for consistency.

    ```

Now, when the `TRACKED_WORD` is mentioned on Twitter, the bot will save the thread to IPFS, timestamp it and reply the tweet with the SHA256 hash anchored to [dcrtime](https://github.com/decred/dcrtime) and the IPFS hash.

7. Example of stringified thread that will be timestamped and saved to IPFS

    ```
    [{"user":{"id_str":"892766033714179434","name":"decred bot","screen_name":"decred_bot"},"id_str":"1116353485199556609","created_at":"Thu Apr 11 14:53:06 +0000 2019","text":"this is an awesome test! @dcrtimestamptweet","repliedid":null}]
    ```

## Further information

It is not necessary to run IPFS in order to make the bot work properly, although it is good running your own daemon instance so you can test changes you've made.

### install IPFS

1. Follow the [IPFS Installation instructions](https://docs.ipfs.io/introduction/install/) 

2. Run IPFS Daemon 
    ```

>     ipfs daemon

Reviewer 2: See above.
